{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24780\viewh15560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Task 1:\
90 sec video with 5 part framework (Name, Academic/Project highlight, skills, story, career goal)\
\
Task 2:\
Every night for 3 nights, write down,\
1 negative thought about your abilities, 1 way you can reframe it as your inner coach. \
\

\f1\b Day 1: Unable to complete a task, creating a video. \
Inner Coach: Don\'92t stress. It is not a deadline. Complete it first thing in the morning.\
\
Day 2: Couldn\'92t complete AWS VPC creation completely to the last\
Inner Coach: Use internet, find documentation and even then if you couldn\'92t find the solution, ask any AI tool like ChatGPT.\
\
Day 3: Sticking to timelines\
Inner Coach: First inform the manager, and work on completing the task.
\f0\b0 \
\
Task 3: \
Mock interview\
\
Task 4:\
Elevator pitch \
Prepare a 30 sec pitch, to introduce yourself and make an impression\
\
\
Task 1:\
\
Greetings, I\'92m Harsha. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
My journey started as a chemical engineer, but later on after managing a business moved on to business analysis. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I recently completed a business internship that gave me hands-on experience in solving real-world business challenges. \
Over the course of the internship, I worked on four detailed case studies covering areas like marketing strategy, operations, and business development. \
Each case required me to dive into research, analyze company data, and present actionable solutions\'97skills that are critical in today\'92s fast-paced business environment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As a result of my performance, I was awarded with a Certificate of Excellence, along with a Letter of Recommendation from my instructor, which motivated me to try for new challenges. \
And with the recent development in automation, became interested in AWS and explored different AWS products. \
My goal is to become a devops professional, combining my skills in business analysis, to help teams build faster and more efficient systems. \
As for my skills, from my university learning and past experiences, I can confidently say that I developed strengths in Market research, strategic thinking, report writing, and communication skills. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I have shown Adaptability and willingness to learn while changing domains, which helped me to become a  quick learner.\
And as for tools, AWS products, MS office and SQL are the tools I can say that I am confident with working on. \
\
\
\
Task 4:\
\
Hi Matt Calkins, I\'92m Harshanandan, and I come from a background in chemical engineering and business analysis. \
I\'92ve worked on projects involving market research, strategic planning, and data visualization. \
Most recently, I completed a business internship where I analyzed case studies and earned a Certificate of Excellence and a Letter of Recommendation. \
I enjoy solving problems, adapting quickly, and continuously learning\'97and with recent development in auotmation, I\'92m now focused on growing in the DevOps field.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\
Company
\f2\b0 : Appian\

\f3\b Role
\f2\b0 : CEO\

\f3\b Overview
\f2\b0 : Appian provides a platform for 
\f3\b low-code automation
\f2\b0  that integrates seamlessly with AWS services like 
\f3\b AWS Lambda
\f2\b0  and 
\f3\b Amazon S3
\f2\b0 . The platform is widely used for DevOps automation, particularly for business process automation.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}